Tutorial for Starknet (#1656)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-non-evm-networks/starknet/create-a-simple-starknet-dapp.md

Reviewer: The sidebar was recently changed to be manually configured. Can you manually add this page to the sidebar file so it displays properly?

You can configure these options as follows:

```typescript title="App.tsx"
// Default connection.
handleConnect()

// Always show modal.
handleConnect({ modalMode: "alwaysAsk" })

// Never show modal.
handleConnect({ modalMode: "neverAsk" })

// Dark theme modal.
handleConnect({
  modalMode: "alwaysAsk",
  modalTheme: "dark",
})

// Light theme modal.
handleConnect({
  modalMode: "alwaysAsk",
  modalTheme: "light",
})

> ```

Reviewer: To better match the full code sample, I suggest renaming this step to something like "Display connection options," and updating the code sample to show the `return` statement with the HTML (minus the wallet information, which will be added in the next step).

Show the connection and disconnection options in the HTML button context like in the full example.

> ### 3.3. Handle disconnection

Reviewer: This can probably be combined with the previous step when refactored according to my suggestion.

The following code is an example of how to update the interface with the connected wallet's details:

> ```typescript title="App.tsx"

Reviewer: I suggest not adding the full app example here, just the snippet that displays wallet information. The full example is shown in the next step.

Author: okay. I removed the full example from here.

          Always ask
        </button>
        <button onClick={() => handleConnect({ modalMode: "neverAsk" })}>
          Never ask
        </button>
        <button
          onClick={() =>
            handleConnect({
              modalMode: "alwaysAsk",
              modalTheme: "dark",
            })
          }
        >
          Always ask with dark theme
        </button>
        <button
          onClick={() =>
            handleConnect({
              modalMode: "alwaysAsk",
              modalTheme: "light",
            })
          }
        >
          Always ask with light theme
        </button>
        <button onClick={() => handleDisconnect()}>
          Disconnect
        </button>
        <button onClick={() => handleDisconnect({ clearLastWallet: true })}>
          Disconnect and reset
        </button>
      </div>
      {walletName && (
        <div>
          <h2>
            Selected Wallet: <pre>{walletName}</pre>
            <img src={walletIcon} alt="Wallet icon"/>
          </h2>
          <ul>
            <li>Wallet address: <pre>{walletAddress}</pre></li>
          </ul>
        </div>
      )}
    </div>
  )
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: For the full example, maybe just choose one connect option and one disconnect option to display, to minimize confusion and make it feel more like a realistic example?

Author: How would you like to present this? I think part of this was to highlight the modal mode and modal theme, to show what can be done.

The following `TokenBalanceAndTransfer.tsx` example loads the ABI from `erc20Abi.json`:

```typescript title="TokenBalanceAndTransfer.tsx"
import { useEffect, useState } from "react";
import { AccountInterface, Call, Contract } from "starknet";
import erc20Abi from "./erc20Abi.json";

interface TokenBalanceAndTransferProps {
  account: AccountInterface;
  tokenAddress: string;
}

export function TokenBalanceAndTransfer({ account, tokenAddress }: TokenBalanceAndTransferProps) {
  const [balance, setBalance] = useState(null);
```

### 4.4. Fetch the token balance

> Add the balance fetching logic to your component. Call the `balanceOf` method to fetch the balance of the connected account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `TokenBalanceAndTransfer` function, add the balance fetching logic. Call the `balanceOf` method to fetch the balance of the connected account:
```

```typescript title="TokenBalanceAndTransfer.tsx"
  useEffect(() => {
    async function fetchBalance() {
      try {
        if (account) {
          const erc20 = new Contract(erc20Abi, tokenAddress, account);
          const result = await erc20.balanceOf(account.address) as bigint;
          const decimals = 18n;
          const formattedBalance = result / 10n ** decimals; // Adjust the value for decimals using BigInt arithmetic.
          setBalance(Number(formattedBalance)); // Convert the number for display.
        }
      } catch (error) {
        console.error("Error fetching balance:", error);
      }
    }

    fetchBalance();
  }, [account, tokenAddress]);
```

### 4.5. Transfer tokens

> To transfer tokens, call the `transfer` method and execute the transaction using the `AccountInterface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `TokenBalanceAndTransfer` function, add the transfer logic. Call the `transfer` method and execute the transaction using the `AccountInterface`:
```

> Use the following example for reference:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        const recipientAddress = "0x01aef74c082e1d6a0ec786696a12a0a5147e2dd8da11eae2d9e0f86e5fdb84b5";
        const amountToTransfer = 1n * 10n ** 18n;
        
        const transferCall: Call = erc20.populate("transfer", [recipientAddress, amountToTransfer]);

        // Execute the transfer.
        const { transaction_hash: transferTxHash } = await account.execute([transferCall]);

        // Wait for the transaction to be accepted.
        await account.waitForTransaction(transferTxHash);

        // Refresh the balance after the transfer.
        const newBalance = await erc20.balanceOf(account.address) as bigint;
        setBalance(Number(newBalance / 10n ** 18n));
      }
    } catch (error) {
      console.error("Error during transfer:", error);
    }
  }
```

:::note ABI and contract address

The contract address for STRK (an ERC-20 token) on Sepolia testnet is `0x049D36570D4e46f48e99674bd3fcc84644DdD6b96F7C741B1562B82f9e004dC7`.
You can find the ABI of the ERC-20 contract on the **Code** tab in [Voyager](https://voyager.online/).

:::

### 4.6. Update `App.tsx`

Call the `TokenBalanceAndTransfer` component in `App.tsx`.

> Add the followinwg to the header of `App.tsx` to import the component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to the header of `App.tsx` to import the component:
```

```typescript title="App.tsx"
import { TokenBalanceAndTransfer } from "./components/TokenBalanceAndTransfer";
```

Ensure you call the token address in the `TokenBalanceAndTransfer` component.
Add the following code to `App.tsx`, where the `TokenBalanceAndTransfer` component is called with the token address:

```typescript title="App.tsx"
{walletAccount &&
    <TokenBalanceAndTransfer account={walletAccount} tokenAddress="0x04718f5a0fc34cc1af16a1cdee98ffb20c31f5cd61d6ab07201858f4287c938d" />
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can you clarify where to add this snippet in `App.tsx`?

> ### 4.7. Full example

Reviewer: The step after this one (Start the dapp) needs to be updated to `4.8.`.

The following is a full example of displaying the balance of an ERC-20 token and performing a transfer:

> <Tabs>

Reviewer: I am now getting this compilation error for the token transfer part of the tutorial, using the provided full examples. Maybe I'm not importing the component correctly into `App.tsx`? Can you show me your project file? It might be helpful to add `App.tsx` as a tab to the full example here, too.

![Screenshot 2024-10-28 at 11 40 46 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0989ef7a-652e-49df-895f-c37eb77618c1)

Author: Hi @alexandratran did you update the `tsconfig.json`?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00bd8467-83d3-4533-a48d-a84f23adb91e)

Author: I'll push a commit to add the `App.tsx` file as well

yarn start
```

Your dapp should look similar to the following:

<div class="row">
  <div class="column">

>     <img src={require("../../../assets/starknet-tutorial-transfer-token.png").default} alt="Starknet transfer token" width="400" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src={require("../../../assets/starknet-tutorial-transfer-token.png").default} alt="Starknet transfer token" width="750" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />
```

Increase image size to match other images. It might be worth cropping this image slightly, too, for readability.

>   </div>

Reviewer: Also, do you need to re-connect your wallet when you re-start the dapp for the token balance to appear? That should be noted, if so. What happens when you select "Transfer 1 STRK to yourself"?
